(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Okay,
I'll show you my solution to the challenge
but keep in mind, you can solve this in many different ways.
I started my work inside of the stream method
within the Twitter streaming service class
here I instantiated a client using the builder
that was injected into the class by spring.
The first thing I needed to do to create the client
was specified the base URL, which is the Twitter API domain.
I then added a default header
to satisfy the OAuth two security scheme on the Twitter API.
By specifying a default header
that provided our bearer token on the client.
It causes the bearer token to be sent with every request.
Once I had this security in place
I then called the build method to instantiate the client.
Next, it was on to making the call
that would connect our client to the stream
that's provided by the Twitter streaming API.
To make that connection.
I needed to use the fluent API of the client
to construct a get request that would be sent
to the stream connection endpoint.
And you can see, I specified that using the URI method.
Once we had the connection to the stream
and we were going to start receiving tweets
I use the retrieve method to flip over
to handling the response.
Knowing we were going to receive multiple tweets
in from the stream.
I decided to take the response body
to a flux of type string.
Remember a flux is used when we expect multiple objects
to be admitted from a publisher in the future.
It's part of project reactor.
One of the operators we have available
on the flux is the filter operator.
It allows us to specify a criteria
that elements must meet to be emitted from the flux.
So essentially here on line 35
I'm not going to emit any blank tweets from our flux.
Now, one of the things I did a little bit differently
is I returned the flux from the stream method.
And this essentially allows any code.
That's using our Twitter streaming service
to subscribe as a consumer to the flux
and then they can handle the tweets
as they're emitted from it in how ever they would please.
Now the one thing I have to point out
is we had to clean up some of our roles
and establish a new role for our clients
on the Twitter streaming API.
So here you can see the call to add a role
that will route tweets containing the Landon Hotel
to the stream for my client.
And you can see the roles that were established
for my client here.
Now, I no longer wanted our role
that we established for LinkedIn.
So I grabbed the ID for that role
and then constructed another call
that will delete that role.
So after all this work, I had my stream
paired down to tweets, only mentioning the Landon Hotel.
At that point, it was time to do some integration
between Azure and Twitter.
And I did all that work
within the Landon monitor application class
and specifically the run method.
You can see that we have injected the two services.
It was all about mashing them up within this method.
So to do that, I invoked the stream method
on our Twitter streaming service.
And this allowed me to subscribe a consumer to the flux.
That's going to receive the tweets coming in.
Now the tweet parameter passed into this Lambda
is going to have adjacent string
containing the data of the tweet.
I spit this out to the console in line 46
just so I can see what tweets are coming in
but ultimately I want to get that JSON over to an object.
So I used the Jackson object mapper
and its read value method to de serialize
that JSON into an object of type stream response.
Once I had the tweet in an object
I was then able to extract that tweet
and pass it over
to the Azure cognitive services,
text analytics API
for the sentiment analysis to be performed.
So you'll remember that we built the Azure sentiment service
in the last challenge.
And specifically this requests, sentiment analysis method
all I'm doing is passing the tweet
to Azure to get the sentiment.
And we get that sentiment back
in an object of type sentiment analysis.
And from here, I can just check whether or not
the sentiment was positive or negative,
and you can see I construct this message
depending upon the results
and that message ultimately gets printed to the console.
So that was how I solved it.
Let's take a look at this in action.
I'm going to go ahead and launch the application.
We can see it fire up there.
There's our console.
And then let's head over to Twitter
and we're going to make some tweets about the Landon Hotel.
So I had the best night of my life
at the Landon Hotel.
So there's one tweet with positive sentiment.
Let's say I had the worst night ever at the Landon Hotel.
Some negative sentiment will tweet that.
Now let's head back over, check our console.
There we can see the positive tweet came in from the stream
and the AI
on the text analytics API
was able to pick that up as positive.
We just got the negative tweet in
and you can see the AI was able to distinguish
between the two.
So using the sentiment service on that text analytics API
we're able to garner the sentiment
from this content that is appearing on Twitter.
Okay, so that's how I approached it.
Your solution might look a little bit different.
That is fine.
Just make sure you're monitoring application
for Landon Hotel is receiving tweets
and it's analyzing them per sentiment.
We'll need this functionality in place
for the final piece of the course project.